Christine Page takes her gloves off
in her analysis of how our species became compromised
in our levels of awareness
in the second part of our most recent interview with her.
This comes from her newest book,
2012 in the Galactic Center, a very different view
of the opportunities associated with this date.
In it, she says we need to take a fresh view
of the message in the Bible regarding the Tower of Babel
and the ruination of communication between earth's people.
(ethereal music)
In our last conversation, we talked
about the various feminine and masculine elements
of how through mythology, of how we have come
to the place we are in our level of consciousness,
the development, and what is going to take
to begin taking us to the next level,
and it was very beautiful, and I'm sure a lot of people
watching this have seen that part.
Now we're gonna go into some of the historical artifacts
and such that have taken us to where we are right now.
Because some of this is really,
when you say you have to confront who we are,
what we are, I think we need to confront the past
in some ways that you write about in the book.
And one of them is going back into Babylonian times.
And I found it absolutely fascinating.
I have the book right here, and I want to talk about this.
Do you mind if I read a little bit of this?
Not at all.
Okay.
So we're talking about the original story,
which everyone understood from Sunday School.
First of all, you look at that, you look at the renditions,
artistic renditions of Babylon, you're looking
at essentially of Lantian temples and such.
So why don't you go ahead and talk about
the traditional understanding
of what the Tower of Babel was all about.
So, traditional Lantian, the way I read it,
and I had really wanted to say,
The way we all read it.
How it was taught in Sunday School.
Exactly.
So originally we were taught about the Tower of Babel
being a place that was built
and it was, perhaps I need to speak
about it in my way.
It was originally built
as a moon worship place.
And I think I'm gonna comment on that level,
because I wanted to say
that as it was built in that way,
these steps were quite specific,
so the towers are Ziggurats.
And Ziggurats would come out of Samarian and Babylon,
and it was very similar, if anybody's traveled
to Central America, the same sort of step,
the understanding of numerology
that the pure numbers in the creation of the temple
which we see both in Mayan temples as well,
That's geometry.
Exactly, they never made a mistake on this.
And at the top of the temple, they would have
on top of the building, they would have these places
which we really haven't got too much understanding of,
but we probably understand from people like Laurence Gardner
that the temple was actually a workshop.
Yes.
And I will come back to that.
But what we know is that they understood
that there were certain periods
of the month, the year,
when the electromagnetic energies
of the sun, the galaxy, the moon
would have a profound effect
on what was done in the temple
and therefore, be enhanced by the geometry.
And what we know from the story,
we know that, if we read the Bible,
that it is said that when this particular alignment
took place between the planets, the sun, et cetera,
the people could talk to each other.
There was a common language.
They understood each other.
Now, I don't think it was just the people
as in us, I think it was our ability to look
and speak beyond the veils,
to talk, you could say, with the spirit world,
or with the star people,
all we know is everybody was talking.
There was a lot of communication going on.
Lot of communication going on.
And then the strange piece,
and I only really understood it
after all those years of reading it,
it was that God then says, "Oh my goodness.
"These people are understanding each other.
"We can't be having that." (laughs)
I never got that part, either.
"We must knock down this tower,
"and we must scatter the people all over the earth,
"because we cannot have them understanding each other."
And for what purpose?
What would happen if we understood each other.
Exactly.
I mean, this doesn't make any sense.
And as you write about this, I just loved it,
you go into another alternative what if,
so you're saying, "What if it was actually
"something more like this.
"During this ancient time," I'm reading this directly,
"there's not just one divine being
"that many lesser gods and goddesses who came
"to earth from 400,000 years ago as extraterrestrials
"to influence the development of the human race."
And again, you go into Zecharia Sitchin
and the Nephilim and so forth.
And it says here, "When the story is seen
"in the light, this light, it's perfectly possible
"that it was one of these god-like beings
"who was not pleased with the fact
"that the populace had found a way
"to access the vast abundance of the Great Mother
"through their understanding of the complex movements
"of celestial bodies, such as the moon,
"and chose to destroy their pathway to enlightenment."
This is where we get into a whole lot of conspiracy theories
and also combined with some genuine ancient research
about what happened in a recent conversation
with David Icke, he says something,
and this is about 12,000 years ago, as you put it,
"Something got hacked," in his words,
"The program was hacked."
So, what happened?
What do you see as the extension
of what happened at that time?
And it's questionable whether or not,
I mean I believe that there have always been,
what we might call entities, star people,
I think that there's a time for us to get beyond this idea
that we are it, and that we've all come from this planet.
I agree with you.
There have been a lot of beings here from the beginning.
And we all come from somewhere.
And the fact is, I mean, if you,
I remember someone saying,
"There were no prototypes of the pyramids, for instance.
"But all of a sudden they could create
"these magnificent pyramids of which we can't even do now."
So, where did we get that knowledge?
And it is often thought that these were times
when people would come
and there are so many ancient petroglyphs
and others showing spaceships, et cetera, so,
these ideas that we are all bringing information
or information has come onto this planet,
really needs to now be accepted.
So you're saying we have a richer geneaology
than we would like to admit, per se.
Exactly.
Which a lot of people say
and I think that is likely the truth.
And I remember reading The Only Planet of Choice
and I think that there are, the idea that there were
22 groups that came here to create a library
of consciousness, and I like the idea
this planet just being a hologram,
a different library of consciousness.
Now, I believe that there have been these times
where beings have come down
and it really aligns quite strongly,
I think this period of 1800 BC or BCE
is really quite a critical time.
We would say it was the beginning of the age of Aries
where they just got the matriarchal age
was the age or Taurus.
There was the 18th dynasty you speak of.
Again, same, yes.
This seems to be quite important in that period of time.
Lot of people write about that.
It feels that towards around 2000 to 4000 BC,
very matriarchal, lot of evidence of cultures living
on the earth with the earth.
But then there was this switch over to the more patriarchal,
and reading from Laurence Gardner's work,
of course, when he speaks about prior to that,
the kings and the priests and the shamans
would drink menstrual blood to be able to travel
through the veil to the Great Mother
to bring back the riches.
Because they knew that DMT,
the great hallucinogenic chemical
was in menstrual blood, interestingly.
And that, of course, is why women have different,
during their menses, they have that side of being able
to be more psychic.
But around that 1800 period, there seemed to be a shift
and that was when manna from heaven
started to be talked about.
And I know that others of your speakers,
I know William Henry would have spoken about that,
that there was this idea that came down
and Laurence Henry, excuse me, Laurence Gardner,
and William Henry both talked about this time web
they found that they could produce monoatomic gold,
white gold, and that they could ingest this,
and that they would have that same trip,
the DMT would be produced
and they could trip out of that time.
Now, whether that manna from heaven
was given them by spacemen, by ETs,
whatever was happening,
but it feels that this story didn't like the idea
that anybody should be able to get hands on that white gold.
If anybody, it should only be the kings
and the priests and the shamans.
Yes, in fact, it was, I think it says here,
it was, there were a lot of interested parties
that preferred that we remain ignorant.
Exactly.
Now, let's get into what that means
in terms of our DNA.
Let's look at that journey.
Okay.
So, in that period of time,
it is suggested that there was a manipulation
of our DNA.
We went from being a 12-strand DNA
down to a two strands of DNA
making up a chromosome.
I have to say that I think they should may have even
been manipulated earlier on as well.
I want to say that I think just 3,000 years ago
is not very long.
No.
And, so it makes me feel that, you know,
how we often think, "Wow, 3,000 years, long time."
No, no, no, this happened for longer than that.
When I went to see Jurassic Park,
and I saw that, I thought, actually,
this was during the reptilian stage,
that this manipulation took place,
and we're talking billions of years back,
or millions of years back.
So I'm just saying that I think it's hard for us
to get our heads around big figures
when it comes to humanity.
But if you speak to the ancient people,
they will talk about being around for 100,000 years
or Lemurian being at his height at 45,000 years,
so I'm sorry to kind of say, I don't think it was just
during that period of time, about 1800 BC
that this all happened.
No, much further back.
Much further back.
But I believe that there would have been a way
of switching on and off DNA
that at this present period of time,
we don't know the difference.
No, we don't, which is,
okay, now if you go back into a lot of the work
of Sitchin and others, they talk openly
about genetic engineering and manipulation,
and so, of course, the understanding of DNA
would have been, it's obvious.
And so there would have been the potential
for it to have been rewired engineered, anyway,
that the engineers would choose.
And so how does this bridge
from Babylonian times into now?
I feel that we probably knew how we could do it chemically
as much as we could do it anything else.
My mind goes to that we do know
during the Lemurian period, 45,000 years ago at least,
there was mixing of animal and human...
genomes or genes, so it was again, very old.
But it feels that the ability to switch off
or to manipulate, may not have necessarily been
to separate those strands, but to make sure
that a lot of the information
wasn't expressed or replicated.
As we know that 90% of the genome program
if we look at the gene, we actually don't know
what 90% does.
We call it trash DNA, or junk DNA.
But I want to say that I think it isn't just switched off,
I think that it's actually interacting on other levels
that we as scientists can't yet meet.
Yes, more invisible realm.
More invisible.
But the other side of this was our disconnect
from the planets, from the moon,
from our understanding of galaxy.
I think that once we stopped making
somehow a veil was put around us
so that we could no longer be influenced
by the moon as we did in the past,
or the galaxy, et cetera.
And that, I think,
is what the manipulation that took place
at that time.
Okay.
So if I come back to the--
So if I may come back to the sun,
come back to the moon.
I just want to say
that the moon itself is not feminine,
and a lot of people see it as just feminine.
Okay, the moon is not feminine.
It's had as many moon gods as goddesses,
and usually they would be both together.
And the story would be like a tree
that the female the moon god, goddess
would be the trunk, and after that would come the moon god
which were the branches.
And we see that in looking
at the dark giving birth to the light,
and then the light giving back to the dark again.
And the last moon god of Babylonian times
was actually called sin.
And I feel that the beginning of the fear of sin
or the separation from sin was when we moved
from a lunar calendar, a lunar connection,
to a solar connection.
We went from an understanding of cycles
which the lunar, the moon shows us,
to an understanding of something just being present.
That was our disconnect, when we started to relate
somehow much more fully to the sun,
than we did to cycles, which the moon was an example of.
And this is where you believe the,
everything attendant with the notion of sin
became really prevalent.
Exactly.
And so we know that every new religion starts to paganize
the old religion, so when we use the word,
don't follow sin, it was really,
don't go along that lunar side.
Now what's interesting is that the only culture
that still has a pure lunar calendar is Islam.
And, of course, it's there in their crescent moons.
And, even though Hebrew and Chinese both have a lunar-solar,
it's only Islam that kept the lunar cycle.
And where was Samaria?
Which makes sense, of course, right there.
Exactly.
Where was Samaria and Babylonia?
In southern Iraq.
And so what I feel is going on at this present time
is the war's continuing between the lunar
and the solar influences, between those who followed one,
and one of those who followed the other.
That puts a totally
different spin on it, doesn't it?
And that's why we had to get there
to make that battle happen, if you want to say
look at it that way.
I mean, this has to be finished.
And it isn't about one beating another,
it was actually both of them coming together.
But, this god that I spoke about here
in this knocking down the Tower of Babel,
you know, he is known as Yahweh.
But in many ancients cultures,
they see Yahweh as just a storm god.
I, a god that was given some deity.
But not the all encompassing.
And I know that that may shock some people,
but it feels as if our inability to understand
something bigger than a personalized god
is causing us to actually limit ourselves.
And I think,
you bring up a very good point.
When you're looking
at the ancient spiritual texts,
that later became religious texts,
and you're talking about being given
divine information, right?
Right.
These were downloads.
I think we have to look at the notion
that there may have been many sources
of those downloads for a variety of reasons and agendas.
Yes, yes.
And they're being put forth
in parables and stories, and so forth,
but who was the engineer?
Who engineered some of these messages and downloads,
especially the ones of the harsher nature,
of the separatist nature?
I think so, and again, I'm a great fan, you can hear,
of Laurence Gardner.
Yes, me too.
And he speaks about, if you read the Bible,
and it says sometimes they talk about the Lord,
and sometimes the Father.
And I'd never seen that there were,
He said, "I think they're two different people."
Yes.
And I think, once I read that, I thought, of course.
And he said eventually the Lord won out
and the Father disappears in the Bible.
Yes.
So you get this sense of, again, Enki and Enlil
that Sitchen talks about, the kind god,
and then the god who wanted to make man slave.
But again, if we wanted to look at it mythologically,
it's within all of us as well.
It is, I think we just have to acknowledge these,
for lack of a better word,
off planet culture and deities' roots here,
and the influences have been
very deeply and widely spread throughout history.
And I think that's very hard once you have begun
to follow in a religious tradition
for a person to acknowledge that, hm,
maybe that spark of divine information didn't come
from The One, maybe it came from a god of the day,
who was quite capable of transmitting
what was considered or perceived to be
higher thought of the time.
Exactly, exactly.
So that's where we get a big muddle
in the messages in texts such as the Bible.
I believe so.
And I know for many people I've been asked, you know,
"Are you telling me I should consider myself as a god?"
In my holographic world, yes, you know, there is a,
God said, "I make man in my image."
We are a small piece of the whole.
But, a complete piece of the whole.
And it feels that that's a huge step
that where everybody's having to face is--
It's our responsibility.
It's responsibility, but we, until we become accountable
for who we are, until we detect, own that divine spark
within us, we don't have any choices to change anything.
That while we are just victims to our creations
or we're victims to somebody else's choices,
we don't have to be accountable,
we don't have to be responsible.
But we can't do anything about it.
Okay, well you're friends
with Mama Rose Perret
Yes.
Okay, and she's on our site,
anybody who has not seen our interview with Rose,
really needs to take a look at it.
This is a powerful woman.
And she comes from an aboriginal background of shaman
and she's the last of what 200 and some generation.
If Tonga's in New Zealand.
In New Zealand, yes.
I just, the Maori.
Yes, that's right.
Um, in your private conversations
with her recently, she's saying that she is seen
or understanding that we are now having
many, many more strands of DNA activated.
Can you talk about that a little bit?
She speaks about now as going to a 28-strand.
And I want to say
that I believe that what she's speaking about
is a 28-dimension.
Before everybody starts to go and have cells
taken out of their body.
It's just two strands. (laughs)
I feel that as a scientist myself,
I feel that there's a lot of misinformation on that.
I prefer to talk about the 12 dimensions
or the 28 dimensions.
But I do feel that it's as if our DNA,
instead of it being it's 22 different pairs,
there's a vibration going on now within them,
that they're wakening up
to their interconnection with each other.
So from Rose's point of view, she speaks
about us moving into 28 strands of DNA,
to me, she's saying is we are now reaching levels
of dimension that most
would never even consider we could.
And the way I would say it is
like having 28 radio stations coming through.
Now that is having a tremendous impact on many of us.
I have to say that not everybody is ready for the 28,
that is no elitism, I'm just saying, 12 was a big step,
seven is a big step, just wakening up.
We have to develop our vessel to be able to do that.
And that vessel is gonna be developed,
not by outer work, it's gonna be developed by inner work.
Let's look at it,
now let's bridge back to where we were
just a moment ago in the conversation,
the interested parties would rather not see us
continue to evolve.
How does that play in with it?
How do we see,
what do you perceive as ways
in which this is being stunted and cut off?
In one area, I'd like to go into,
you write about in your book is, for example,
the tones and the sounds of the whales
that are changing and what's happening to them.
But, anywhere you choose to go with that.
Okay, the very fact
I know I mention the body a lot,
but then I am an M.D. in it.
The very fact that anybody tells you
that your body is weak or is just a vehicle
or doesn't have power in it,
which the whole medical profession often does,
the drug companies that you don't have to worry,
it's not, it's nothing to do with you,
it just happens.
Any separation we have from our body,
and the power of it, is by those who would rather maintain
the power over us, because once when we realize
that this is the most magnificent alchemical vessel,
and it's totally capable of being able to work
with anything that comes into our planet, truly,
we have, there would be many things, I would say,
that such as immunization and drugs,
and many other drugs that (chuckles)
are being given to reduce cholesterol,
we won't give a name to it,
but many of those,
what?
Statin, statin,
totally misappropriate use
of using chemicals to help.
We went from a place where I could just
kind of reduce something from you,
to actually saying, "I can stop that process happening."
But, our stupidity is well,
if you stop the process happening here,
surely the body wanted that process for some reason.
Well, of course, what we're noticing
is we stop the process somewhere it starts something else
elsewhere, so we're having tremendous pull out
from a lot of drugs where we are killing the patient
from the drugs, where we really said
we were trying to help them.
And I'm being very forceful there,
that that isn't gonna stop until the patient starts to say,
"Hang on a minute, I believe my body
"has some things to say here."
I don't necessarily want to suppress something,
I want to enhance the way.
Have you got a drug that can help me enhance my body,
not suppress, and, of course, that's,
I use homeopathy and other things.
You know, they're all things you can use,
and I'm not against the drugs.
It's where are we doing something
which would be crazy.
It would be like taking that little red flashing light
out of your car because you don't like it flashing.
You know, eventually you run out of gas anyway,
and you go, "Wow, maybe it had a purpose."
Exactly, and we're not gonna mask it
with pharmaceuticals.
Exactly.
And you know, vaccinations, there's a lot of things
we're doing which are really not okay.
So first I'd say there's a conspiracy to stay out of touch
with the most important part of who you are.
Okay, and vaccines,
and this gets us into another area
because it has been linked certainly in the present,
I don't know your feelings on it,
but let's expand beyond that.
We went from one in 20,000 to one in, I think in the U.S.,
80 to 90 people being born with autism.
Yeah.
What's up with that?
Talk about a complete disconnect on one level.
We interviewed a man named Ron Davis.
Beautiful being who talked about high-function autism
as something different, something where a being
of a very high vibratory frequencies
incarnating into the physical,
there's little means to really express it in this dimension.
But let's talk about the non-high functional autism.
What's going on?
I feel that there'd be a lot of things that I feel
that we need to look at medically.
And we never, ever gave vaccines before a certain age,
because of the immature immune system.
Now we're giving them at birth.
90 different elements by the age of five.
I know, I mean, it's just ridiculous.
That's poisoning the brain and developing brain.
I sometimes think, and I've been qualified 30 years
and I was well trained, and I am well qualified,
and I listen to people talk and I think,
is there a different type of body than I examined
and did anatomy on?
No, the body hasn't changed.
It's like as if you're trying to tell me something.
Oh, no, you don't understand.
The body looks like this now.
No, (laughs) it hasn't changed.
So there's a mystery or mysteriousness
that's occurring in saying, "That's the same body
"that I know very intimately from my work."
It hasn't changed, so why are doing things
that we know are wrong?
And that I would want to question any doctor,
why are we giving...
hepatitis B vaccinations to newborn babies
when we know that causes bleeding?
And then we're wondering why babies are bleeding.
These are things we know.
So there's an awful lot there.
I think autism also, as if you're--
I'm talking about this
whole notion of disconnect.
Yes, this disconnect.
I know that these, the children
are coming in far more wide,
to this greater god, to this greater consciousness.
And that's the high function autistic.
And they have the problem
with being able to take in all the senses.
You know, we've also seen an increase in all the allergies
and the asthmas, the exmas,
the ability to process the amount of data that,
again, when I was a child, we didn't have all the noise
that we have around, all the sounds that we have around.
Radio frequencies, microwaves.
Radio frequencies, huge.
And, of course, if you want to look at conspiracy,
a lot of that is actually increasing our confusion rate,
that there's no doubt that at the microwave levels
at low frequency sound waves,
and we'll come back to the whales,
things are happening that we just say,
"Well, I can't see it or hear it."
And you know that you're being confused
by these different energies.
All of these energies are passing through us,
whether we see or hear them or not.
And if you want to own any good thoughts
about, let's say, cell phones, that they're oh so valuable,
but putting your earpiece in permanently
doesn't cause you any trouble.
We have to know that that's different,
and then of course, there's different parts of the country,
of the world that say, yes,
children should not have cell phones before 12.
What about a baby developing in utero
being exposed to these microwaves,
for example, with a brain just beginning
to develop on a cellular level,
we know that it's an electrical instrument,
it has to be having a major effect,
just the microwaves and radio frequencies alone
on the developing fetus.
It has to, and of course, we, anything that we don't like
we block off, so after a while you don't hear sounds.
But they're still entering your body.
And that's easy because we say, "Oh, yes, I don't hear
"the drumming anymore."
But there's waves that we don't even hear,
or not on our level, but they are passing through us.
And so I would say there was,
those things are certainly causing confusion.
I say confusion because where people cannot make
real choices, it's the ability to make choices
that makes you powerful.
But it's not being willing, A. to even make those choices,
but then, B. confused in your thinking, as you say,
by propaganda, by media telling you something
you make choices based on a gut feeling
rather than actually a wisdom feeling.
So that's one way to keep us disconnected
from ourselves, from source, from each other,
and so on.
And it, you know, anything that's based on fear or shame
is also a disconnect.
That just keeps the hologram going
that out there there are people that wanted to hurt you.
Okay, now you're talking
about big media influences,
because the dominate media influence
is that propagation of fear.
Exactly.
And even climate change.
You know the whole climate change,
the whole global warming and, of course,
then you put blame on it,
and you caused it, allows me to stay in shame and fear.
Now, I'm not saying that we do not need
to be better guardians of our world,
but not from a place of fear and shame.
That is what we've had
over 2,000, 3,000 years of telling us.
But, of course, it's not them, it's our willingness to say,
"Oh good, I'll follow this little path,
"and then you won't blame me."
So we need to have the courage to stand up.
Yes, exactly.
Let's talk about some of the frequencies
that, I brought up whales a little bit ago,
you write about this, and I think this is important
because these are very, very highly developed beings,
the whales and the dolphins.
And we're seeing just some
extraordinarily sad things happen.
And this is important for us to know about
on a multi-dimensional level.
Can you just talk about this?
Yes, and the dolphins have one particular journey
for us is to help us to understand joy,
and that recognizing joy is the energy
that is gonna help us to get through these times.
Now that doesn't mean you go around positive thinking,
it's literally taking lightening up on yourself,
being light hearted, and they have
a multi-dimensional beings that are telling us
that through joy, we can travel to other places.
We can move our energy.
And we will know that when we get too lost in something
and we just lighten up, and everything becomes easier
to move through.
So the dolphins have a much deeper relationship
with humans, they like us.
Whales aren't so bothered about us.
They are more bothered about the earth.
They carry the Akashic records of the earth,
and everything that lives within it, on it,
under it, through it, above it,
it's the whales that literally are the antennae,
they pick up energies coming in from the cosmos,
they bring them into the earth.
And it is through their migratory patterns,
that they literally run the grid of the earth.
So within our earth is a huge grid system.
And by running the grid, the whales actually keep it alive,
they keep the consciousness alive for us.
We also know the elephants do the same thing on the earth,
so it's the elephants that do that.
And so, what is happening is that we know
that there are situations that are happening
where for many years the different navies
have been putting low, extremely low frequency
sound waves into the waters.
And we don't hear them as humans,
but they are affecting the whales,
because their ability to hear and sound,
and to know their way through their sound is being affected.
This is very disturbing.
And they are being, you know,
they are beaching, we're seeing that,
they're fine, is there one we're seeing now in New York,
I mean, they're appearing in places we didn't know
they were to appear, because, and they have shown
that it literally these extreme low frequency sound waves
are blowing blood vessels in their brain.
Yes, they are far more developed
in sensitivity than our brains.
Yes, and by doing that, it means
that our ability to pick up the information,
remember we're 70% water,
so these oceans that are 70% water,
into which the whales are sounding
these new levels of consciousness,
we are being affected by the whale songs.
But we're not if we keep driving them
onto the beach, if we keep silencing them.
And legislation was up on this recently.
And it went down.
No one understands the depth
of what's going on with this problem.
No one stood up for them in the end.
I mean people are, there are groups--
Yes, that's right 'cause Jacques Cousteau's son is,
Yes, but I'm talking about the legislature.
Then he went over to England, and then they came back
here again, and as you said, we have friends in Hawaii,
who every time they're doing it around Hawaii,
they're jumping in the water,
but then they're allowed to do it
while they're in the water.
But--
The powers that be are seeing
that this act's not forwarded.
Exactly, and you know,
what can we do about that?
It's reminding ourselves of who we are,
because, truly, it's the same as the sacred sites,
is that the powers that be
that would prefer that we didn't tap
into this grid systems are trying to stop us going
to the sacred sites, are trying to stop the energy,
so when we're at a sacred site,
we're literally being a beacon, an obelisk,
we're tapping into the deep energies,
we're bringing energies in,
that's what these sites were made for.
But things are happening at sacred sites--
Well, for example,
if you try to go to Stonehenge,
you can't get near Stonehenge anymore,
you can't go in the circle.
You can, if you have special permission,
and a guide to take you in,
but it's all cordoned off now.
And I've seen this in small and large situations
where the heart of it is cordoned off from the people.
Yes, exactly, exactly.
Or, somehow, distorted.
I mean, even I honor people who say,
"We like going to these places to heal them."
Places don't need healing, they need joy,
so that when we take the fear into these places
we just increase the fear.
And oh, there's been such sadness here, take joy.
So when we go to these sacred places,
have fun there, be joyful,
because that's what's gonna waken up the grid.
So let's talk about some of these sacred sites.
In your book it says here, "Many were built
"before mankind took physical form."
Now that's an intriguing statement.
Let's talk about that.
Well, I, this comes from my own knowledge
of being a grid builder.
I mean, I remember when this planet was not inhabited
by humans, when people had not come from the stars.
And that this planet was a library,
or is a library of consciousness.
And that we created these grids
so that we could literally create a hologram.
I believe it's like the original Garden of Eden.
It was a place we visited.
And every time you visited,
you'd say, "Oh, let's create that,
"that would be quite nice if we created that."
It was a place of enjoyment, of R and R,
a place where we would return to our souls,
remember why we were here.
And I believe those grids,
and a lot of these sites, excuse me,
were literally built so that they could act
as a lightening rod,
to keep this hologram alive.
And again, the solstices, or the equinoxes,
these would be time where the energy would be imparted
into this beautiful planet and to be maintained in that way.
And then we, of course, we know that we got so interested
in this Garden of Eden, we ended up staying here.
And that was our problem.
Yes, and many different reflections
on exactly how that all came about.
But they all seem to end up in the same place, we're here.
Exactly.
And, you know, this idea of creation,
I know I write about that in the beginning of the book,
you know, my inner teacher that I met,
showed me that with a wipe of a hand,
we could just clear any image that we'd ever created.
And then we could make something new.
That's our gift.
And that in the spirit world, that's exactly what happens,
in the spirit world they, you know, we would say think,
but they think where they want to go, and they're there.
But we've forgotten that.
That's where we're headed back towards.
It's what we're heading back for.
But what happens is just when someone's about to wipe clear,
we go, "Don't do it." (laughs)
Where's that picture I so like? (laughs)
But we're so uncomfortable
with that unknown,
because you, I mean, we want to,
we long for it, people say I want the abundance,
as long as I can take this chair with me,
I can take my partner, as long as
I don't have lack of money.
We have so many conditions,
that we want to maintain,
and yet, we're being given the universe,
not just the world, we're being given the universe.
So how do we throw off the,
what a lot of people perceive, and especially
if you follow the conspiracy authors and so forth,
the yolk of oppression.
Um, it's about whether you want to choose to do that.
It's just choice and I,
I know that sounds so easy,
but it is choice, it is choice.
I often give the analogy of the story of the three men
who are looking at the elephant,
and one of them says, "Well, the elephant is
"an animal with a very long trunk."
And another one says, "It's got a very big leg."
And the one at the tail is saying, "Life is shit."
You know, and we're among these people
who think life is shit.
And however much you might try to persuade them
to take one step to the side,
they go, "Oh, no, oh no, no, no, this is my karma,
"this is where life is a bitch and then I die,"
or, "It's really good for my hair."
How hard it is for any of us to just take one step
to the side of our life when we are so comfortable
in that zone, even how painful it is.
This gets into some numbers
that you have in your book, some percentages,
which is the basically the 40-40-15-5,
and it really dovetails with what you're saying.
Can you explain what was, what you were shown?
Yes, it's that point when I was shown,
and I've been shown that several times,
that literally, the ancient people,
I wanted to say that back in the times of Atlantis, Lemuria,
we knew how to harness our energy
so that we could focus through the third eye.
And then through the third eye, we literally could project
our vision to create whatever we wanted.
That's how all these stones were cut apart, et cetera.
How they walked.
Yes, how they walked.
I mean, I know that the stones walked,
but our ability to create was purely
through having clear intention, clear intention
which is so hard.
Clear, pure, focused, intention.
Through the heart, being pure of heart,
clear intention, heart and mind connected,
well, we could say things got a little shaky,
but the fact of the matter is I've always been shown
that it is as easy as just focusing,
and that's what you want, that's what will happen.
It's not gonna come through the idea
that the secret that says if you want it, it's gonna happen.
It's gonna be by not wanting.
It's when we have created the space big enough
that the intention comes from within us,
not from a mind that will only ever want to create
that which we already know.
So in your heart, my heart that can create
from a place of the unknown.
So that when I was shown this by the ancient,
my ancient teacher, I said, "Why won't everybody
"want to have a clear slate?"
And he said, "Because of fear."
And he said, "When this happens, and I think in 2012,
"this is what we're gonna be seeing,
"the opportunity for change happening,
"40% of people will immediately recreate
"what has just been swept away.
"And 40% will fall asleep because they can't deal
"with the unknown.
"15% will get confused and 5% will get it.
And I'm already seeing this, Regina,
when I'm giving a talk.
Now, it might just be me and my talk,
but I'm seeing them.
I see people glaze over.
I see people, and it's not from boredom,
it's that they can't cope with it.
And I see people say, "Yes, yes, a great idea,
"now, could it all just be like this?
"I, what I already know, can I just create this?"
And so I see people making strategies and plans,
and organizations and how to lists
to maintain their waters as it is at this moment.
And the feminine, the great goddess is saying,
"It will not be like that."
How can you compare a caterpillar with a butterfly?
It will not carry the same emblem.
We have to let go, in order to create a new.
And I feel that that's I was told...
move with the 15%, the 5%,
because it's not always our path
to try and change people,
in fact, we cannot change other people.
We can be light bearers,
we can go ahead, but we have to understand
that it is not for us and our arrogance
to think that we can change other people.
So true.
We can make information available.
Yes, which is what you do so well.
Oh, well, thank you.
Any final thoughts
about, again, I would encourage people
to pick up a copy of the book,
because we can't get into all
of the really deep cosmic alignments and astrology
and there's so much in there,
but can you maybe just give a little overview
of why it's important to understand some of these moments?
I feel that we are not new to the system.
We've been here at other big times before.
This is at the end of a 26,000-year cycle.
But hey, we've been here before,
so I want everybody to recognize their bigness,
their oldness, and we left behind sign posts for ourselves
in mythology, in alchemy, in astrology.
We also left a time where we would be,
we would meet certain people who would wake up.
And one of the things
I become very interested in is people's mentors.
And in our childhood, especially,
we meet up with mentors.
And those mentors, if we think back,
was specific souls who said,
"I will be there for you,
"at that particular age when you were kind of
"well, should I do this and this?"
And they'll go, "That way."
And I would really encourage anybody
to think back to their mentors,
especially in the first 20 years of their life, the young,
but even the younger, the grandmother, the neighbor,
the teacher, because whoever they were,
what we saw in them is
what we have the capability of being now.
They didn't just come in to be our cheerleader.
They said, "You can be what I am now."
And it's very important that we remember our mentors.
Remember the gifts and talents.
I'm trying to encourage everybody to be unique.
And we chose so cleverly to have people
who would turn up in our life at these times,
so that we would not get lost along the way.
We also chose people who would give us a hard time.
And I want to say is that when we pass over
we will be so amazed by the people who truly loved us.
Because they're not the people we thought.
They will be the people who said, "I will come down,
"I will walk beside you,
"and I will give you the hardest time,
"because I love you so much, I will not let you stay
"in that place of the victim for another life,
"I'll stay small."
And so I ask everybody who's listening
is look to the people who have given you the hard time
and celebrate their presence in your life
and the love they had for you,
because through that, you have become who you are.
And I truly believe this is a time to be big,
this is a time to be loving,
this is a time to recognize
that there's nothing wrong with anybody.
Only in our minds that we need to stay small.
This is the time to be unique.
And there's much more to this story,
and 2012, The Galactic Center
and anybody can pick up a copy
through major book sellers.
Exactly.
Through major book sellers
and we encourage them to do this
because it's a very worthwhile, beautiful journey.
And you can really kind of take it in chunks
and really reflect on pieces at a time.
And it's a wonderful guide to the times.
And I've seen a lot of 2012 books.
But, again, I haven't seen a lot of 2012 books
written by a woman.
And so there does seem to be
a distinctly nurturing quality to it,
and I very much appreciate that.
So thank you for the book,
and thank you again for your time.
Thank you so much, thank you.
If you're just discovering Christine's work
for the first time, you may want to take a look
at our other interviews with her.
She's a brilliant scientist, doctor and metaphysician.
You can also pick up a copy of her books
at Amazon or other major book sellers.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(ethereal music)